Top-down space-y game.

Plot is revealed by way of you writing in your journal.  Are you alone or not?
I'm sorta inclined to think that you are (except for your cat, of course), but
plot might be more interesting if you had companions.
No mothership though; I don't want to COMPLETELY rip off of Starscape.

Each level is relatively small...  One or a few screens.  No mini-map?  I
can implement zooming the view in and out pretty easily....  we'll see.

In each level there is a portal-gate-device-thingy to the next level; you have
to collect enough resources to repair it, feed it enough energy to charge it,
and then wait for it to open.  Be careful about arbitrary time limits, though.
There are maybe 10ish levels.  Each one should take maybe 5-15 minutes to
play.

Call the ship the Little Bird.  Why not?



You choose one of each type of weapon at a time, and have to return to base to
rearm.
Primary and secondary weapons?  Sure.

Limited energy for the secondary weapons, that recharges.  Defenses probably
also use it.

Research costs money.  Upgrading old weapons to be comparable with new also
costs money.  They're about comparable.  Thus, weapons should be different in
behavior, not simply stronger or weaker.
It should also be BEHAVIOUR, not just "does more damage vs. X".  So.

Weapons:
Sonic wave (mid-range, reliable)
Grenade launcher (a la fireblossom, short range, high damage, dangerous)
Pulser (Long-range, accurate, low damage)

Secondaries:
Rocket pods (how 'bout them?) (long range, multiple shots, think 'fussilade')
Phantom Hammer (kaPEW)
Pressor beam (make it POWERFUL, not one of these pussy "I move the enemy away
very slowly" weapons.  It has to compete with the Phantom Hammer, remember)

Defenses:
Shield
Deflector
Afterburner (Thraddash torch)

Specials?



Base structures:
Research lab
Power generator
Refinery
Drone bay
Turrets and defense modules
Hanger/repair bay
Remote repair module


Enemies:
Scouts
Swarmers
Fighters
Gunboats
Cruisers
Carriers
Dreadnoughts


Mining:
You go shoot rocks, and have little drones that go and scoop up the stuff that
falls out of the rocks.  Good times.

Music!  We need:
Ambient
Danger (for when They Come To Get You)
Triumphant fight (for when You Kick Their Ass)
Boss battle
Escape (for when the portal is charged, the baddies are all up ons, and it's
time to LEAVE)

Good soundtracks:
SC2 (of course)
Tyrian?

Good (specific) soundtracks:
Don't Look Back
Darwinia
Battleships Forever
That One Song from Ironseed!
Iji


Ideas:
Screen-clearing weapon, with associated maniacal laughter.  Say, 3 per level.
Or you have to build it, and it's quite expensive.  Or both!

Do the RahXephon words-in-background effect, dude!

Do you get to carry resources with you between levels?  Within limits, I
suppose.

Don't do time limits too hard.

Do enemies have bases?  Or at least some kind of infrastructure you can
attack?  MAYBE.  I'm inclined toward 'no', but mining ships might be
interesting.

Different resources?  Ironanium, boranium and germanium?

Sigh... make textures work, if only procedural ones.  They're too damn useful.

If you can make the ship change with what weapon and specials and such it has,
that'd be awesome.

As you progress, you start getting partially-built bases to keep from
early-game tedium?

Do enemies have the same sorts of defenses and specials that you do?  NOT
RIGHT NOW.  (Though fighters with afterburners, and gunboats with rocket pods,
and so on, does sound pretty awesome).

Enemy repair drones?  Support ships?  Shield ships?  Tractor or pressor beam
ships?

See if you can make the swarmers use flocking algorithms!  :-D



COLD HARD FACTS:
Ship:
Stats:
Accel
Max speed
Turn rate
Armor
Energy capacity
Energy regen

Gameplay:
Ten levels
